https://codepen.io/lturner78/pen/BayPpbv
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is writing HTML that provides meaning to the content. Tags with meaning, if you will
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to build a webpage. In the house analogy, it is the building materials.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
         An attribute provides additional info about HTML elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 (most important) is used for the title and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        'href' and 'id'
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata, css code, a title, links and imports
    7. What is an id? 
        an id is an attribute that has to be unique.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        I can add an id to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Id's are unique so they can only be used once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
        a class is an attribute that specifies one or more class names in an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        I can add a class to any html element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        I can use the class as much as I want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        by including 'target="_blank" in the href link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?
        use the '#' to reference an id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        div is presentational and does not convey meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style the html, the "paint" for the house.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You select an element in css by typing and then adding {} after it. Like so: h2 { css: code}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class can be used multple times whereas the id can only be used once. I may use an intro on multiple sections of the same page so I might make a class for it. I might make an id for the top of the page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        by using '.' followed by the class. i.e, .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        where one element is nested in another. We can use it to be more specific in css.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword added to a selector that is only active in a special state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase ; lowercase ; capitalize (respectively)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        in div selector write > border: black dotted 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* This will be a comment in css */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm. Careful becuase there is no warning and when it's gone it's gone.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        so that you can track changes and more easily work collabroatively with other developers
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        frequently
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u orign branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork the repo 
        add TL/PM to collaborators
        clone the repo - git clone URL 
        use git checkout -b 'branch-name' to create a branch
        make some changes and ran a git status 
        stage the changes using git add .
        commit the changes using  git commit -m “our message” 
        use git push -u branch-name  to publish local commits 
        open a pull request
        make your branch the base repo
        base: master compare: branch-name
        add TL to reviewers
        submit





Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
         inline elements do not force a line break where block elements do
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        it is positioned to the nearest ancestor. Otherwise it is positioned  using the document body. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        using the flex property
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        <address> <p> <ol> ; <textarea> <span> ; <button> <input>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        the box model is the standard layout for html css. starting from the center there are layers that can be manipulated. The fix is the flex property.